remember the night we met ladies and
gentlemen of the jury you have been
witness to the unspeakable horrors of
the defendants heinous crimes you have
seen ghastly injuries smashing faces
broken jaws the defendant please rise
four years I've carried as a guilt that
I'm to blame for everything if we Lea
hadn't trusted you promise caliph
ridiculous it's better nothing material
isn't it dude and you do it no
[Applause]
we've got a very disturbed sick
individual you'll be the first
nationally televised trial in history
you look nice partner I'm disguised as
an attorney today
I get very scared but you know he's also
really dreamy earth things you don't
know that will shock you beyond yours
nightmares
it's a whole lie it is a capital murder
case and you are skating on thin ice
this is about catching a monster
[Music]
the killings were extremely wicked
shockingly evil vile did you do these
things Ted this is all gonna end it's
only gonna head to church
[Music]